Learning Skills IT Institute: I tested. The documentation.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay?
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Excellent Olivia.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Because the Kane to buy tested documentation by default. Pai extension, deep test underscore underscore tested hobey.
Learning Skills IT Institute: kibhabe, Amra, Methut Lekhar pore am oitata shiami.
Learning Skills IT Institute: I test python, I guess.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: You know.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay. Low test, login. Audikshi.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Consume it.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Statement, command, line, execution to digpo
Learning Skills IT Institute: akon, command, line, execution, taka, no idea, command, line, execution.
Learning Skills IT Institute: normally command, line, execution. Ta amratay na.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: You know.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Actor to Github Electric issue to git Abar Alexa Jenkins, Jenkins, and Namki Shunse.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Ma'am.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Equipment item.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Jenkins, Jenkins, Bishoita, Ej. Ekanashi, what is Jenkins used for Amator Karitana.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Second.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Jenkins will change.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay, normally, up there test to build Cora test, Korah software project Gula Aro Apnar Hoche.
Learning Skills IT Institute: It took a powerful open source automation tool, jatamraki, Kori integrate cory apnagato
Learning Skills IT Institute: integration. In that time. Integration. Apna ke
Learning Skills IT Institute: real projected real world pi tester file gula amra execute amadhakun gnar Kata. Important.
Learning Skills IT Institute: 88. Cube job, gula ke hoche particular Akita trigger, nam brace, common line, Tahotsui Shigpo.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Sorry Akshuta file asy after like the package are under it to command line projecte important format, actually
Learning Skills IT Institute: yase package, namtek to change Kura dibo to copy Kodi
Learning Skills IT Institute: Noren at an amditu chair.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Logoff. Methodon. No heh calculation Erector. Yes, addition to yesen Jinishta kuja papana edition
Learning Skills IT Institute: login fail. Nai, I mean, they're gonna jawar pore amra hoorbo Amadej Aj project.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Project. Yes, a total Taita, mother Project, Heck.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Amrakintu, Ekhana, Jay, Shud, Amrakaj, Korbuna, Karanki package, Oneggula Python.
Learning Skills IT Institute: but Amadar main motive Thug Jamra command line, total project Ran Hobby Habana Tainah
Learning Skills IT Institute: are pi tester Gulakiva, identify Kurba, Balanto, Gula, Mnip.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Project, name? Do you reach.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Project, name or file, name, condition, format, underscore, test.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Find out Tohun execute Kota Adar school copy path projected upsolute path, Amra Leighbo, Hoche.
Learning Skills IT Institute: CD. CD. Amade. Location. Okay. Fine. Amra ekun location akhun Amra Hutche, Dir, Tarpora, Deccan.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Iteke Directory, Sobalahoy, Swankepi, DIR Dir Ekane Dakan Amadar Amitudiktu Edike ashi amare kane kintu pai tester filegula seki
Learning Skills IT Institute: package in Namki pie test land liner
Learning Skills IT Institute: aca and amijokun dir but directory eita d amijokun command line E column, amake pi testudak hatche taina.
Learning Skills IT Institute: That means something to a directory to access. Could the parachute.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: You have.
Learning Skills IT Institute: That means ami jay location, Jayte jay silam, common lime, shruta, amish location, Jayte Parsi.
Learning Skills IT Institute: That means of files begetino economic activity. In a sure way. For example, projected economical location.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Akonar insure with child folder, degpo child folder files boltam.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay akun. For some reason. In that case Charlot Kete ami Abar command line.
Learning Skills IT Institute: jawarpur, as usual. Amiabariktu Lokeshanta track. Kuri.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay. That means Kurtapatta, Satai na.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Team.
Learning Skills IT Institute: After that name change kura tao, dapata nai access kurta patasi folder take so corn
Learning Skills IT Institute: Amadekta jinish amrek to degpo jae amra kun pai test kurta paktesikina utik to ama dekta hobetay na
Learning Skills IT Institute: talecholen Dickie pi test eta ya mother pie test no eita kemne Hullo bolentu
Learning Skills IT Institute: it's.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: File and Twitter reactor.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Heh? Exactly. Oij o formats test
Learning Skills IT Institute: test underscore login e type of logoff loginra method details. Dakaine.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Yes.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Percentage etambra details it. Amra Dikla may
Learning Skills IT Institute: print statement, silo login is successful. Logoff is successful.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Ebung time at a time. Duration.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Akun details. Takha junno amake ekta koma inducta short form jita shita hutche
Learning Skills IT Institute: ecta hyphen v means oce variables.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Amra jokun eta ke execute amra tina method abar ama jokun login.
Learning Skills IT Institute: That means second, Amrahcheh detail, sector portion, Dekte Pallam Akon details report a degpo to execute Kole amrahoceh
Learning Skills IT Institute: all kind of arguments. Details help do Baben Jamun Amra already. Na weta hyphen version. Then details. Dakartya.
Learning Skills IT Institute: shetaroo, kintu, orakta documentation. 1st step. I just click the use.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay, same time time consuming practice.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: See you.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Itoku, Kiamra bouti documentation Tab Google searches Jokun Declam Abariktu Ashi.
Learning Skills IT Institute: For a print statement. For example, Login is successful.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Is Shati Yamra Lipo shetauche V file to execute. We say, ebong methodasi details pie test
Learning Skills IT Institute: same resulti papu.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Add here acha specific test cases find out but Amish in that time, Jinishta. But.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Feedback.
Learning Skills IT Institute: And they copy code in practice group and thaladic to clear a file ere but ultimately projected output.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: And specific log out underscore test.
Learning Skills IT Institute: I couldn't deal amijudi rankuri particular ekta file. I.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Thanks.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Total Tidepari, Shekda, Namasana.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: In June.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Edit configuration, Pytest Buchi, Ituku, Kibashlam.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Team.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Everything is fine. Ekane amijiktu, scripta, Selekta kiba Selek, korbo amar, kintu ekane pai test j project amar lagbe
Learning Skills IT Institute: checkallen pytest python 8 it on our project. I know.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Land pie test.
Learning Skills IT Institute: I learned projecta by default. Diashtabe edit configuration
Learning Skills IT Institute: lastimhayar to regulate a paradigm.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Not sure.
Learning Skills IT Institute: At Armour, Project, and.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Very last week.
Learning Skills IT Institute: It is hemp or a tick, or I guess it.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: So.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Apne
Learning Skills IT Institute: ita amake ikonajpe Aj, pytest python pytest python. Then okay, then economy
Learning Skills IT Institute: terminal project in a pytest python noite, yasegai
Learning Skills IT Institute: otherwise kintu amaro is, I'm a output that happened
Learning Skills IT Institute: at Hotce.
Learning Skills IT Institute: I execute Kurti Nash j amar packager namta it. Na, I learned
Learning Skills IT Institute: it's totally up to you. But Apnar format tag into same.
Learning Skills IT Institute: I learn Tadporay, Amrekta slash Tibo, then Amar, Hocha, Namta, Prajan, hey, Amanda.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Log in underscore.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Edition. Eta etai Doran trikothisi, I'll let you all in it. A M.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Darn news courtesy. Hmm akund jakunami eta kei key output dekai
Learning Skills IT Institute: for example, am Rabariktu, ikana, Jai
Learning Skills IT Institute: login log of Arekta, key calculation, for example, apni amon kithon Jagula shata honi ki bhavi dekpen
Learning Skills IT Institute: it attackable keyword through this arch gora kintu, ej VS daina etci output dekai naranja ami hatay liklam
Learning Skills IT Institute: current.
Learning Skills IT Institute: My lucky Amihoche sarj kurbu same portion dakhana
Learning Skills IT Institute: hmm.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: This week tonight.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Exactly second line.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Same. Ay, Amar commandee. What's a pipe? Test? Right?
Learning Skills IT Institute: Buje Kiba collected 3 items. Aj. Amiki kiamar foldat file time execute 3 items.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Tinta method. That means everything is fine details. Degpo items, such as
Learning Skills IT Institute: login is successful. Log off is successful test calculation.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Methot Gula, segula worker Vsk as passed on deselected log related dueta method.
Learning Skills IT Institute: aj kane log, related Kunu, Amar Kiwad, nay, Aksha output Dakar.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Yeah.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Formate.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Do you get sick?
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Okay.
Learning Skills IT Institute: The later basha practice, Korbotana Ki.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: You.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Next classita hope.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Think that's.
Learning Skills IT Institute: I said, take us, command, line, shrute, execute, Kurtapari tahole, bolin Eitukul modhi kunu Judi question, thake
Learning Skills IT Institute: tahole bolin amra tahule next steps.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: And or my smooth boot up.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Let's see booty night
Learning Skills IT Institute: integration issues. Koto, I wrote Dilo.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Then one head problem came to Ashje.
Learning Skills IT Institute: So ik 2 will have a bit tricoent.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Thank you.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Tested test case. Guloke. Different groups and Madhuna Aladala da Group, Korpo
Learning Skills IT Institute: are a grouping. Take no importance. Janar Bishoy Kuno idea.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: No.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Academic.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Test cases. Different bucketed Akata. Important, for example, test cases
Learning Skills IT Institute: quickly execute Korajunno. By Ej. Amrajay, mark kursi marcula kihoy akita rek ditam find outa
Learning Skills IT Institute: test cases grouping te important smart Kurtabari heyabar itaki, not an Amadir
Learning Skills IT Institute: e methodta e method mark kurta pari manually, Amraki sanity bar smoke testing.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: And now I'm sure that she's interested.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okayashi chole to sanity testing versus smoke testing. I'm like to say they can
Learning Skills IT Institute: software testing and shatter related like to Jai acha smoke testing kind of
Learning Skills IT Institute: release core report are sanity kick or A. J. Specific functionality or components
Learning Skills IT Institute: kind of upner component Gulakia. Should I test Korarmoto, Bapatta.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Amra Jokun test cases. Gulu Leaguepo, for example, like Amar.
Learning Skills IT Institute: a method sanity testing a Junno amie method lexi dore execute kore.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Mesh in the patutochete to e kane one Bieltino, Asa.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Abar Markers, Amrabil, Amra, manually Jetake, Judi, Bangla, vashay boli sheta hoche at pi test
Learning Skills IT Institute: pi tester for a dot mark
Learning Skills IT Institute: already came to chole ashtaina pytest dot mark.
Learning Skills IT Institute: theno test case. For example, ami hoche sanity di ami jinishta ke amaki kintu ajay
Learning Skills IT Institute: automake import is a pytest.
Learning Skills IT Institute: They know nitau hobe take a.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Even.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Tomrabuchi. Naki.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Ma'am, we
Learning Skills IT Institute: Hat.
Learning Skills IT Institute: 8 airs.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Okay, let me sign that both had.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Regression testingo.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Then we're paying.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Hi Regression.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Real life, where, at the example.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Gesina.
Learning Skills IT Institute: previous classendo taina.
Learning Skills IT Institute: We take the step by Steph. Real life, example.
Learning Skills IT Institute: ej, sanity. Aj smoke manual korana, manually built in na
Learning Skills IT Institute: example find out. So don't worry somehow. Execute a dakka.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Find out Kaban Yusta Hobey hyphen mark.
Learning Skills IT Institute: M. Okay.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Saniti.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Kina collected 9 items. 8 selected this selected unselected output.
Learning Skills IT Institute: I'm the total projector of
Learning Skills IT Institute: okay.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Bite. Raksi setai na
Learning Skills IT Institute: failsa test tarpore.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Jae a a projector addition. Underscore test dot pilot test log off eta Hoche Shea method.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Our file in Namki edition test.py use Koreshti
Learning Skills IT Institute: yamra.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: One item selected.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay and regression, Dixie Regression. I'm a spelling regression
Learning Skills IT Institute: logoff, logof, J. Ami EJ. Amarutce SIM economico.
Learning Skills IT Institute: I'm beginning to import corine.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Import coronilla.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Logof underscore test dot pi itamar acta daina.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Just take Karajunno Kalesh, Yamake, key output and pi test market. Juno, M. Ibon regression
Learning Skills IT Institute: collected 9 items, 7 deselected, 2 selected, 2 selected regression. Ariktu details, vervos regression regression. Okay.
Learning Skills IT Institute: 1st day, Amake Hoche addition test dot i ebong logof test.py addition, dot
Learning Skills IT Institute: addition, underscore test, dot pay test log of a tume regression market. Use course details, tapna kene dak.
Learning Skills IT Institute: So itu cookie boost the Parsi
Learning Skills IT Institute: Hello.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Hektu network issue.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Sitay. Na.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Nogula, Diraki, Ekundoren, J. Amar integration software, integrated development environment
Learning Skills IT Institute: working with custom markers, Amra already
Learning Skills IT Institute: Apni, Tester, Apni, Test Corbin Apna, J bhabi, Ashley, apna Shubita, Shebhawe, apni leaklan to ebay ashole jinesh gula ke
Learning Skills IT Institute: marcure, rakahoy kichuase go through clear hoppe coon.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Thank you.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Custom markers built in markers
Learning Skills IT Institute: built in markers. Keep away, find out Corbo, ikhane, kurbo, pi test, Duita, hyphen, Ebong, Likpo, hoche markers.
Learning Skills IT Institute: skip Itekta built in skip kora te better skip method. Use kori.
Learning Skills IT Institute: In that Casey execute Tahope ex fail degpo.
Learning Skills IT Institute: I'm ready it up. Another homework type babe
Learning Skills IT Institute: login test dot pi Amrahi kaneashi
Learning Skills IT Institute: login log of calculation. I'm like to login into pure Ashi Doranji e jage tati amra hoche ector
Learning Skills IT Institute: skip kurta jacque hmo bolento.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: And would you emperate by this mark?
Learning Skills IT Institute: Hmm emphetus by test dot mark Ebung tar por hochi dot skip
Learning Skills IT Institute: that can. Oh, built in hall Karonic, Hindu sajest kurta satai na okay, ran Kurbu Kibalento.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Hey? Comment prompt is J. Agirgula jay paper ankur sinkurpo
Learning Skills IT Institute: regression lik Si skip likpole skip to Jalen pie test skip
Learning Skills IT Institute: gotcha dakachinagheno bolento
Learning Skills IT Institute: Karan kihoita pare kunu spelling Mister Gasanaki.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Ma'am, skip back to the key. Eskiboro Hotel, NATO.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Vito varvos Vi. Dilegian a di lotte achambra geneshi.
Learning Skills IT Institute: I test tarpore hotel hyphen. M. Ebung.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Skip at chat.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Oh, a chata to build in.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay? Built in okay, Tahuleh.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: One second.
Learning Skills IT Institute: One skipped, once skipped. Ami acta skip kore Raksi. That's why Taina, same type e kane aarakta dilam dile
Learning Skills IT Institute: output de kabe pie test.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Hey? Okay.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Talamakiki, aj, skipja Isa Taleki. 3. Skipped 6 d. Selected Nakatsa Jte Hook, run corner.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Option into acting common problem.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Tahole. Amrajkar Agabuna Confucian Achikina.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Yeah.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Yeah.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Shop details. Pora Ebong Shitho sem Diana.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: 2, 10.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Curiosity. Take ben age, Yamadar Pai tested. Jae. Documentation tarpore, nothing else.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Skip, skip, if exhale, parameterize, use fixtures, fixers, tamra next class degbo solve problem. 9, try first, st try last.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Parbona.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: Neither.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Rangotusi, Judi, Eita, Nahoy, Kichugintu, Habana.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Think that's it.
Learning Skills IT Institute: Okay, Amrakit.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: My assignment.
2007525- Fahmida Farzana: It's in.